[Music]
there are two kinds of people in this
world the ones that lol and those that
rofl but laughter experts like me yes
people do study the stuff professionally
say that there are many more times
so are you a cackler or a gaffar and
what does that say about you let's find
out the giggle it's what you do to
suppress laughter every now and then and
everybody does it not just teenage girls
if you do it when the moment is clearly
not right to crack up
that's called politeness but if a person
has a habit of stopping themselves from
lol eh it could be a sign that they're
suppressing something besides laughter
like nervousness or maybe the joke
wasn't that funny
just saying the snort snorting is
another way of suppressing laughter but
this time the air that would power that
laugh ends up in your nose snorters tend
to be shy and introverted they care
about others and are afraid that their
laughter might disturb someone so they
make every effort to conceal it even
when something is hilarious they prefer
to keep it to themselves because
otherwise they'd have to deal with the
unwanted attention and that's what
introverts want least of all of course
the snort that escapes doesn't exactly
help with that but isn't it just so
adorable like a Fah
guffawing is easily the most contagious
form of laughter you could call it the
real-life equivalent of the iconic
online lol individuals who have this
deep belly laugh are extroverted and
sociable dealing with all the attention
guffawing get you would be too much for
an introvert go FAR's are down-to-earth
and uninhibited chance takers one such
person in a group of friends is enough
to keep any party or conversation Lively
by the way some people start out
laughing almost discretely and then
burst out into a guffaw
[Music]
this call that carry-on laugh and it's
impossible not to join in the cackle
[Music]
it's so easy to lose yourself in a crowd
said no cackler ever these uber cool
people are always the center of
everyone's attention and you'll hear
them even amidst a parade luckily for
them cacklers don't only attract
attention but also success they're bold
and self-confident and having the
loudest form of laughter is just one way
to show it
cacklers typically make the best jokes
so be prepared to jump on the laughs
laggin whether you like it or not
graphic have you ever seen someone
laughs so hard that tears started
streaming down their cheeks or maybe
you're a frequent crafter yourself if
you know one of these rofl errs keep
that person in your life and never let
them go such people have bright
personalities and they're trustworthy
they aren't afraid to show you and
they're trustworthy and will never lie
to you or let you down though wheeze
[Music]
it's sometimes hard to tell if a person
is laughing or has a gnarly sense of
bronchitis it's pretty much what a
wheeze sounds like it usually happens to
people who are boisterous laugher but
for some reason they have to restrain
themselves from letting it out
Weezer's have a great sense of humor but
they prefer to hide it to seem more
serious and professional it must be
they're shy and timid side driving
Weezer's into this sort of behavior the
snicker people who laugh under their
breath find humor in things and
situations that leave others wondering
what on earth are they laughing at
Snickers are easygoing smart and witty
they have a ton of friends and make new
ones
in a matter of minutes who doesn't like
a cocoon
tada approach to life the silent laugh
when something especially comical
happens even the most serious and humble
people can't help but laugh except they
do it in their own peculiar way it's
their eyes that are laughing their mouth
corners go up but they make no sounds of
laughter whatsoever this is a clear sign
that they don't want any attention since
they're introverts and like to keep
their feelings to themselves
mirthless laughter hey if you spot
someone laughing with their mouth wide
open but with perfectly serious eyes
that is you don't see little wrinkles
form on the outer corners that's a
mirthless or fake laugh it's not
possible to laugh with a stoic facial
expression at least not genuinely this
type will make an effort to produce that
haha sound so that they don't come off
as rude and hats off to them for trying
not to hurt the joke tellers feelings
just be careful with a person who fakes
laughter you never know what else they
could be faking of course you might have
different types of laughter depending on
the Joe situation or your mood but think
about which one you tend to let out and
let me know down in the comments if the
description I gave matches your
personality anyway there is a science
that studies laughter and how it affects
your body
it's called gullet ology here are some
fun to bits these experts have found out
when you hear someone laughing you
immediately assume that they're happy
about something but in reality the
reasons behind it are much more diverse
and complex laughter can indicate joy
confidence relief love loathing and even
discomfort and fear in fact
laughter rarely has anything to do with
humor and jokes one of the leading
laughter experts in the world
dr. Robert Provine found that only 10%
of all giggling and cackling are caused
by jokes laughter actually plays a more
important role
it helps people bond because it eases
tension and helps cheer everyone up
you're 30 times more likely to laugh at
something around other people so it's
not entirely a reaction but a way of
socializing there's more to laughter
than just bonding it also has a ton of
health benefits it helps lower blood
pressure reduces stress hormone levels
releases endorphins and keep your heart
strong in healthy consider it an
excellent cardio workout and this one
will turn any silent laugher into a
gaffar it's a perfect exercise for your
abs too when you laugh out loud your
abdominal muscles contract and relax
just like they do at the gym couples
that laugh together have a better chance
at a happily ever after psychologist dr.
Robert Levinson says that laughter helps
people be more satisfied with their
relationship when interviewed about what
annoys them most in their partner
couples that discuss this touchy subject
with humor felt better about it and
there was less tension between them
humans aren't the only ones that laugh
gorillas have mastered sign language and
can go ho ho at visitors they like rats
as it turns out are quite ticklish
particularly in the neck area if you
tickle them on the nape they produce a
high frequency chirp that's very much
like laughter rats also laugh while
playing just like humans do when bonding
laughter affects your brain in ways you
can't imagine when you hear other people
laughing you'll probably bust out as
well currently smile at them if you're
more on the reserve side neuroscientists
analyze people's brain activity while
they listen to sounds of laughter it
looks like just hearing it turns on the
region of the brain that prepares facial
muscles to get into action your brain
can also automatically tell the
difference between fake and real
laughter it is a special area
responsible for understanding other's
emotions people who easily get on the
laughing track when they hear others do
it are especially good at this it's not
surprising that kids laugh more than
adults but plenty of studies have shown
that women
slightly more often than men on average
adults laugh around 17 times a day some
things are more likely to make you lol
than others videos of other people
trying not to laugh at something usually
work like magic
and since laughter is contagious TV
shows often play a recording of it after
a funny situation to make their audience
join in and there you go the classic
sitcom laugh track explain hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and there are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Laughter]